Add dynamic plugin SDK package changelogs & update plugin docs (#14012)
openshift/console: frontend/packages/console-dynamic-plugin-sdk/README.md

list of dynamic plugins the Console loads at runtime. For local development, this should only
include plugin(s) listed via `-plugins` Bridge argument.

Console development builds allow you to interact with the `PluginStore` object that manages

> all plugins and their extensions directly in your web browser with `window.pluginStore`.

Reviewer: Is this meant to be a public API or only for debugging? I think we should make it clear how this can/should be used.

Author: @spadgett `window.pluginStore` is available in Console development builds only, so it's not a public API.

This is similar to `window.store` (also available in Console development builds only) exposed at `public/redux.ts`.

Reviewer: OK, if we're going to add it to the README, I think we want to make that clear.

If the given package doesn't exist in npm registry, add `--access public` to `yarn publish` command.

> If the newly published version is lesser than the latest published version in terms of semver rules

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the newly published version is earlier than the latest published version in terms of semver rules
```
is semver correct? If it is then I think we should put it in backticks.

Author: @opayne1 Hi, this is a reference to https://semver.org/ specification.

For example, version `1.0.0` is "lesser" or "lower" than version `1.1.0`. I didn't use the quotes above when writing the word lesser, should I put them in?

Using the word "earlier" (without quotes) is less accurate in this context, in my opinion.

Reviewer 2: Can we say "Semantic Versioning" instead. Just for clarity? 
Also, we always us "earlier" to refer to a previous software version or fix level in the documentation, so to stay consistent with docs we should use earlier here. Technically using lesser in this sentence is grammatically incorrect.

Reviewer 2: Also, you dont need quotes around earlier

Reviewer 2: Okay I am good with semver then. And lets go with comes before if we can't go with earlier. I see what you are saying though. I think comes before does read better than lesser imo.

> (e.g. hotfix release 1.0.2 for an older minor version stream 1.0.x), make sure that the `latest` dist-tag

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
(e.g. hotfix release 1.0.2 for an older minor version stream 1.0.x), ensure the `latest` dist-tag
```
